Alright! In this video, what we are
going to be doing is bringing in these
static resources from the official
Spring Pet Clinic application. So I'm
just going to go ahead and sign this to
myself for right now. So what we want to
do is bring in the images, JavaScript
and whatnot. All the static resources
that we're going to be using. Over
here, this is the pet clinic reference
application that we've been using.
One thing that we can do, I think I've
actually cloned to somewhere, but we can
also do a clone or download. And you can
do a download zip file which is what I
did a few minutes ago. I'd really
just want to be grabbing stuff out of
here. And let me toggle over to the finder.
Here's the downloaded file. I
explored it out, installed CSS in
my downloads directory, which is really
right now a great dumpling land of
a lot of different stuff that I've
downloaded. I need to clean that up. But
here, this is a standard Spring structure.
We can see we have source main Java. We
got some less stuff going on here. We may
get into that in the future, but for
right now, what I'm going to be doing is
keeping the front end of this very much
in line with the pet clinic example.
One thing that Spring Boot does is it
defines a static folder. This is
standard to Spring Boot. All your static
resources are going to go within that
folder. In this, what we have is a
static resources. These are going to
be served. Spring Boot will configure the
application server. In this case,
typically Tomcat to serve static
resources from these locations, so that
is all handled by Spring Boot Auto
Config. We don't have to do anything
there. We get it for free. What we want
to do is start copying the stuff over to
our application. I'm just going to say
copy the fonts over.
I want to see what we have here. I'm just
going to say copy fonts. Now I kind of come
back over here to our project.
Actually, I like to close out this
stuff. I'm just going to say close all.
We don't need to be working with that.
What we do need here is we can see here
that we do have the static folder. And If
you're following along with the GitHub
commits, one thing that Git does not do
is that does not publish empty folders.
There is an option to do this but it's
by default behavior does not publish the
empty directories or folders, which every
terminology prefer. In GitHub static
probably is not there. But coming over
here, what I want to do is create a
resources and then paste the fonts into
it, so I come in here. I'm going to create
a new directory. That was going to be
called resources, static resources
like so.
Now I want to go ahead
and paste that item in.
You can see that saying fonts.
I'm going to say ok. Now it's asked me to
add these to Git. I'm
just going to say remember don't ask me
again. So we are always going to be doing
that. Now you can see these have been
added. One thing that's tricky about
IntelliJ, this is an option to show you a
little thing inside of IntelliJ. Right
now, I have this set up to flatten Compact
Middle Packages. Let's go ahead and
expand that out. So now, rather than
because everything is all on one line,
now I can go to the resources. If I
come back over here to finder and now
I'm going to copy the images. Copy images.
Toggle back over and now I'm going to click on
resources right click and say paste that.
It ask me to do
images. You can see that the image is
there so I have all the images. I
have been, now brought over. Let's
compare this side-by-side.
Go so you can see the fonts are listed. As well as
all the images so these are images that are going to be
used in the web application that were
developed by the guys behind Spring
for the Spring Pet Clinic. I'm gonna
go ahead and use in their web
application. Kind of what I want to
do is show you as we progress through
this web application. The look and
feel of the user interface is going to
be pretty similar or hopefully very
similar to what they do. But the
underlying implementation I am going to
take some liberties there and apply my
own style, my own preferences, as we
progressed there. Just kind of setting
things up a step by step. But here,
we'll go ahead and use the same
fonts and images that they'll be using.
If I come back over to Chrome, you can
see this was number 17. I'm going to
go ahead and commit this.
Just come up here Git commit directory.
Closes number 17 like so. Do a commit
and push.
Toggle back over. You should see that
close. There it goes. So that issue is now
closed. And we will tackle another one in
the next video.